what UPS ones are James today I'm gonna
teach you how to do some tricks yeah
maybe I'm gonna teach you how to do
nollie front boards alright well that's
how you gonna do not only from boards
first you gotta learn how to ollie to do
some boards you're gonna want to know
how to acknowledge first off you're
gonna want to learn how to run board and
then after that you're gonna want to
learn how to put two and two together so
maybe you wanna learn I like that one a
tease as well I think I learned
knowledge I've learned knowledge from
boards because uh probably mark
Appleyard did them I like like the
nollie and so I just started
learning all these knowledge tricks and
then now if I'm bored was like one of
the first ones I learned besides like
you know the you know the nollie
grinding nollie backside boardslides
when she like alright so this is how I
gonna want to learn how to do nollie
front board so you start at out rolling
at the rail and nollie position
whichever way you nollie which I do my
foot right here behind the bolts and
then put my foot in the pocket kind of
or sometimes my is like all over
the place I don't know that as long as
it feels good for you you know so you
want to go in and roll up to the real
battle this close like distant front
side to it and I'm gonna snap knowledge
like that make sure you don't lean too
far forward or straight just a straight
nollie pop up make sure your knowledge
Street up first or you can turn into it
as you're going but I'm now he's above
the rail first show you about this far
make sure you're above the rail it's all
like fast or whatever so about this far
you want to want to throw your front
make your front foot push into the rail
like a front board slide front board
well wave straight not like my board
eyelet